welcome today a dad does we are looking
at the hydrodynamic building set we've
got the deluxe edition here from bridge
street toys we had earlier looked at the
girders and panel system and now this is
a similar building system book with
water we're going to take a closer look
at it all right might help Percy are
John and Gabe regatta take us through
what exactly it was involved in building
this we have a variation on the vinegar
factory here but you can make really
anything you want there are a couple of
different diagrams in the book but you
can also make your home which is the
most fun John take us through what's
going on here it pumps up here this
shows is water's having food about me
all this hot needs water some utility
the water goes in here it dumps down
here first water comes through here and
goes you just paint there's some types
here some balls to turn them on and off
it goes into this tank and then it can
go down there it was you can make
experiment with tanks there is its
design thank you note but we added some
other stuff like we put a water heel in
you can also experiment a twenty-twelve
on and off I just wanted to show you
there are a lot of different
configurations in here here we have a
float valve
that's an interesting device you can put
that in there water funny dreams once
that flow gets up to a certain level and
over here we have a spray tank with an
optional spray head in there David want
you take the top off of that is they
even have a spray head in there so a lot
of detail everything in just it's a
187th scale an h:o scale so these are
like real devices just shrunk down very
small so you learn quite a bit right
David is demonstrating here what you
find in the manual and as you see
they've got a number of different
structures that you can build a
toothpaste factory in there an ice cream
factory
the vinegar factory a lot of different
designs in there but again you know we
did put together one we modified it and
what's really fun is trying to create
your own creations using the different
parts in there and learning about the
physics of water alright in David's kind
of helped us out here with John as well
showing us all the different parts one
of the really neat things about this kit
is there a lot of different parts and
they're shown some of the different
tanks
you see there are a lot of different
tanks here you can build horizontal
holding tanks vertical there are a lot
of different ways you can control the
water different valves in there where
you can shut it off and see what happens
when the valves are shut off there's
piping in there the clear tube David
while you hold up the clear tube so they
can see the piping you can cut this and
that's really the key to it you can make
all different sized piping throughout
the kit and there are a whole bunch of
other parts we'll have a full review
over on the site but what we really
liked about it was very creative you can
build all types of different towers and
you learn a lot about how water water
pressure works come over to dad does
we'll have a lot more on